Sync domain contact (#2)
linagora/tmail-lsc: README.md

The pivot used for the synchronization in LSC connector is email address. For this case, `james-user@james.org` is stored in `email` attribute.

### Domain contact Synchronization

> For example, it can be used to synchronize the domain contact stored in the LDAP of an OBM instance to the TMail Server(s) of a TMail deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, it can be used to synchronize the domain contact stored in a LDAP instance to the TMail Server(s) of a TMail deployment in order to enpower auto-complete.
```
